We have the application ready or not.
Ed, it's time to start working.
We're going to start by model.
We're going to build the database structure that we need to support the indication of all users.
We are going to use a feature of Spring GDC that allows us to create from the Java code the database
structure that we want to do that going to these resources folder here in source main resources.
I'm going to create a new file.
This file will be called Schema Dot Haskell.
This name, this fine, lame.
He's going to it's going to be detected by spring and it's going to be executed when we launch the application
and create the schema that's that we want and that we need.
Okay.
So to start, I'm going to create the user table.
Create table, if not exists.
User.
And he's stable with an I.D..
Of type identity.
And in this case, not.
No.
It's going to have first name.
This will be a string.
So in school terms, he's a worker of, say, 255.
Also not know it's going to have a last name.
Also a strong so worker 255.
Also not know all of these files are mandatory.
You have an email?
Our car to 55.
Also not know.
And buzzwords that are going to use to lock in.
Worker 255 Also.
Not?
No.
So it's a bit.
Too much forward.
So let's fix the indent.
Going to use four spaces in then.
So one, two, three, four, five, six.
That's correct.
It.
So like this.
Now that the table definition is finished and missing.
Yes, we can go to our application properties file and we need to define the properties that we're going
to use to.
Connects to the database.
I'm going to launch presentation mode to make it more visible.
So first property that I'm going to define is called Spring Data Source URL.
Okay.
And this is the link to our database.
Doesn't matter which database it is.
If it's my school, if it's a school server, if it's H2, we have to set up the URL to our database.
In this case I will use the one for my database.
So gdb c h2 file and locational file.
I will be finding it as well.
It's going to be it's going to be called of db to be on the root folder.
And this is specific to H2.
I would add some connection properties.
They depend from vendor to vendor, but they also belong here in this property.
In my case, I'm going to use to be close on exit.
False.
This is that database is persistent.
If I run the application multiple times, auto reconnect.
It's going to be true if there is an issue.
It will connect again.
And then these last one.
Now two server equals to this is to.
Facilitate.
Capital letters out server.
This is to facilitate using the database.
In this case, it.
It means that, uh, if I'm connecting to the database to, uh, in order to, to see the contents of
the database where the application is running, I will not have any, any issue.
The other property that you're going to need spring.
Spring dot data source.
Driver class name in this case is the driver name that we use.
These guys are not H2 driver.
Spring data source is the name we're going to use fourth and spring at the source password.
We are also going to use all.
Next, we are going to define two properties still related with school.
So spring has school in IT mode.
We are going to be fine always.
This property tells spring to always run the schema.
That Haskell file.
Okay.
And the other one?
Spring squirrel.
You need a platform.
It's going to be H2O as well.
Finally not related with the database, but we are already doing it.
I'm going to define server port 8000 instead of 88.
Just personal choice.
If it's production environment in a lot of situation, these port 80, it's by default is 8080.
But uh, depends on, on the application use case we are defining on weed value 8000.
And the other one.
Server error include message.
I'm going to say always.
Recently spring would changed the way they handle errors and the message with the description of the
error is no longer displayed.
In this case, I want it to be displayed.
We are going to define some custom message and I want it to be displayed.
So I add this here as well.
So now the application is here.
I'm going to copy the connection string.
Okay.
You can choose any tool to connect to the database.
I'm going to use two built in from Intel.
You can also use the beaver.
So I'm going to choose H2 at the base, going to paste the URL.
And in this case, I don't need this, uh, dip close on exit force.
I can.
I can leave it.
No worries.
Uh, and you're going to use author and author for this to.
And I can click.
Okay.
This will return an error.
Databases are not created yet, but he will create.
So I received the warning that the two files were created now.
In this case they were created when I connected with the database two.
But if I launched the application, they will also be generated.
So to show it, I will delete.
I will launch my application.
And in a little bit the files would be detected by the.
By and large, they will be there now if we connect.
Here.
So if I refresh this also DB tables, I have here my user table.
And they can open a table and see the contents.
For the moment we don't have anything, but the table is already created.
We'll close this.
You as that's.
You know.
Stop the application.
One last thing that I will do is that I will add files to to get.
So in this case.
I was go to get and as file it's not mandatory.
But usually when you're working you should use some kind of versioning.
I'm using it, which means that at every step I will commit to changes they do.
This makes it easier, especially when following courses like this, because if you have a mistake and
you need to go back, you can just right click go to get and do rollback and you rollback to the place
that you were in the beginning of the studio of Lessons.
So I always recommend to do the same and commit the messages as we go.
In this case, I don't want this file.
I click it out of this file to show.
I don't want this file to be added to it because my database contains the data, so I'm going to take
it in your file, and that's the exclusion here.
Image file.
They want to ignore.
Health.
Maybe.
So like this.
Uh.
Gaetz Not yet.
So, like, this is just in the getting your file.
So now if I commit.
I will put my comet message.
So in this case.
And at the base.
Ready?
We're going don't want to commit it for.
So I can close my project.
And now I'm ready for the next step.